Clone repositories with a depth of 1 (#104)
Skyscanner/turbolift: README.md

This creates a fork and clones all repositories listed in the `repos.txt` file into the `work` directory.
You may wish to skip the fork and work on the upstream repository branch directly with the flag `--no-fork`.

> NTLD: if one of the repositories in the list requires a fork to create a PR,
> omit the `--no-fork` flag and let all the repositories be forked.
> For now, it's an all-or-nothing scenario.

> Repositories are cloned with the git flag `--depth=1`.
> If you need the full commit history and tags, you can run the following command
> after running `turbolift clone`:
> 
> ```shell
> turbolift foreach git fetch --unshallow --tags
> ```

Reviewer: As this could trip people up, we'd like to see if this can be a little more visible using [this syntax](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925) - suggestion:

```suggestion
> **Note**
> Repositories are cloned with the git flag `--depth=1`.
> If you need the full commit history and tags, you can run the following command
> after running `turbolift clone`:
> 
> ```shell
> turbolift foreach git fetch --unshallow --tags
> ```
```

Author: I found out about that syntax recently, but I'm glad you suggested it here. I think that'll make this pop better for users. :grinning:

This creates a fork and clones all repositories listed in the `repos.txt` file into the `work` directory.
You may wish to skip the fork and work on the upstream repository branch directly with the flag `--no-fork`.

> NTLD: if one of the repositories in the list requires a fork to create a PR,
> omit the `--no-fork` flag and let all the repositories be forked.
> For now, it's an all-or-nothing scenario.

> > **Note**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```
